# Finding lane line on road
Main process is described in [homework.ipynb](https://github.com/kuniyasu/udacity_homework1/blob/master/homework.ipynb).

## Lane Line Decetion Pipeline Image Processing
### Step 1. Invalid Region Masking
A triangle area ,that is closed by bottoms vertex and center on screen, is fixed.

> note: If you not sufficient that Center on screen and more adaptive controll is necessary, Optical-flow or sume solution is better. 

### Step 2. Color Select
White and orange colors are supported. Please adjust variable __white_th__ and __orange_th__.

> note1 : Binalized data is not shape sometime. I think that dilate and erode filters are effective.

> note2 : RGB color selection is depended luminance, I suggest that RBG shold be convert to HSV color.

### Step 3. Edge Feature Extraction Canny Filter
Edge data is generated by Binalized data.
__low_threshold__ and __high_threshold__ is adjust variable.
    
### Step 4. Hough Line Detect 
For lines detection, Hough conversion is used. Adjust variables are shown below.

Distance resolution in pixels of the Hough grid
- rho = 2 : 

Angular resolution in radians of the Hough grid
- theta = nm.pi/180 :

Minimum number of votes (intersections in Hough grid cell)
- threshold = 15 : 

Minimum number of pixels making up a line
- min_line_length = 40 : 

Maximum gap in pixels between connectable line segments
- max_line_gap = 20 : 


### Step 5. Result
 _result = cv2.addWeighted(lines, 0.8, image, 1, 0)_
 
 It is overlay detect line on source image.
 
